docs: added Cheshire Cat in Integrations (#419)
qdrant/landing_page: qdrant-landing/content/documentation/integrations/cheshire-cat.md

---
title: Cheshire Cat
weight: 600
---

# Cheshire Cat

[Cheshire Cat](https://cheshirecat.ai/) is an open-source framework that allows you to develop intelligent agents on top of many Large Language Models (LLM). You can develop your custom AI architecture to assist you in a wide range of tasks.

<br>

> ![Cheshire cat](https://cheshirecat.ai/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/cat.jpg)

Author: Done

<br>

## Cheshire Cat and Qdrant
Cheshire Cat uses Qdrant as the default [Vector Memory](https://cheshire-cat-ai.github.io/docs/conceptual/memory/vector_memory/) for ingesting and retrieving documents.

```
# Decide host and port for your Cat. Default will be localhost:1865
CORE_HOST=localhost
CORE_PORT=1865

# Qdrant server
# QDRANT_HOST=localhost
# QDRANT_PORT=6333
```

Cheshire Cat takes great advantage of the following features of Qdrant:

> * [Collection Aliases](../..//concepts/collections/#collection-aliases) to manage the change from one embedder to another.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Collection Aliases](../../concepts/collections/#collection-aliases) to manage the change from one embedder to another.
```

Author: Thanks, done

* [Quantization](../../guides/quantization/) to obtain a good balance between speed, memory usage and quality of the results.
* [Snapshots](../../concepts/snapshots/) to not miss any information.
* [Community](https://discord.com/invite/tdtYvXjC4h)

<br>

> ![RAG Pipeline](https://cheshirecat.ai/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/stregatto.jpg)

Author: Done

<br>

### Work in Progress

> We are working on a **separate retriever container** that uses [fastembed](https://github.com/qdrant/fastembed) by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Cheshire Cat is working on a **separate retriever container** that uses [fastembed](https://github.com/qdrant/fastembed) by default.
```

For more information about Cheshire Cat's use of Qdrant, check the articles about Vector Memory:
* [Don’t get lost in Vector Space](https://cheshirecat.ai/dont-get-lost-in-vector-space/)

## How to use the Cheshire Cat
### Requirements
To run the Cheshire Cat, you need to have [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) and [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) already installed on your system.

### Starting the Cat
For a quick start check the [instructions on github](https://github.com/cheshire-cat-ai/core/blob/main/README.md).

### First configuration of the LLM

> * Open the Admin Portal in your browser at [localhost:1865/admin](http://localhost:1865/admin)
> * Configure the LLM in the `Settings` tab
> * If you don't explicitly choose it using `Settings` tab, the Embedder follows the LLM

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Open the Admin Portal in your browser at [localhost:1865/admin](http://localhost:1865/admin).
* Configure the LLM in the `Settings` tab.
* If you don't explicitly choose it using `Settings` tab, the Embedder follows the LLM.
```

---
title: Cheshire Cat
weight: 600
---

# Cheshire Cat

[Cheshire Cat](https://cheshirecat.ai/) is an open-source framework that allows you to develop intelligent agents on top of many Large Language Models (LLM). You can develop your custom AI architecture to assist you in a wide range of tasks.

<br>

![Cheshire cat](https://cheshirecat.ai/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/cat.jpg)

<br>

## Cheshire Cat and Qdrant
Cheshire Cat uses Qdrant as the default [Vector Memory](https://cheshire-cat-ai.github.io/docs/conceptual/memory/vector_memory/) for ingesting and retrieving documents.

> 
> It uses:
> * memory based for testing
> * file based by default
> * container by settings two environment variables

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

```
# Decide host and port for your Cat. Default will be localhost:1865
CORE_HOST=localhost
CORE_PORT=1865

# Qdrant server
# QDRANT_HOST=localhost
# QDRANT_PORT=6333
```

Cheshire Cat takes great advantage of the following features of Qdrant:
* [Collection Aliases](https://qdrant.tech/documentation/concepts/collections/#collection-aliases) to manage the change from one embedder to another.
* [Quantization](https://qdrant.tech/documentation/guides/quantization/) to obtain a good balance between speed, memory usage and quality of the results.
* [Snapshots](https://qdrant.tech/documentation/concepts/snapshots/) to not miss any information.

> * [Community](https://discord.com/invite/tdtYvXjC4h) and [documentation](https://qdrant.tech/documentation/)

Reviewer: Please use local links for local resources, such as:

```diff
-* [Collection Aliases](https://qdrant.tech/documentation/concepts/collections/#collection-aliases) to manage the change from one embedder to another.
+* [Collection Aliases](../../concepts/collections/#collection-aliases) to manage the change from one embedder to another.

Author: Thanks, done.

<br>

![RAG Pipeline](https://cheshirecat.ai/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/stregatto.jpg)

<br>

### Work in Progress

> We are working on a **separate retriever container** that use [fastembed](https://github.com/qdrant/fastembed) by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are working on a **separate retriever container** that uses [fastembed](https://github.com/qdrant/fastembed) by default.
```

> For more information about our use of Qdrant check the articles about Vector Memory:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about Cheshire Cat's use of Qdrant check the articles about Vector Memory:
```

* [Don’t get lost in Vector Space](https://cheshirecat.ai/dont-get-lost-in-vector-space/)

## How to use the Cheshire Cat
### Requirements
To run the Cheshire Cat, you need to have [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) and [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) already installed on your system.

### Starting the Cat
For a quick start check the [instructions on github](https://github.com/cheshire-cat-ai/core/blob/main/README.md).

### First configuration of the LLM

> * Open the Admin Portal in your browser at [localhost:1865/admin](localhost:1865/admin)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Open the Admin Portal in your browser at [localhost:1865/admin](http://localhost:1865/admin)
```

* Configure the LLM in the `Settings` tab
* If you don't explicitly choose it using `Settings` tab, the Embedder follows the LLM

## Blog

> For more information check our [documentation](https://cheshire-cat-ai.github.io/docs/) and [blog](https://cheshirecat.ai/blog/), here three articles to get started with the Cheshire cat:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information refer to the Cheshire Cat [documentation](https://cheshire-cat-ai.github.io/docs/) and [blog](https://cheshirecat.ai/blog/).
```
